Added clustering info and updated output image figure on README (#52)
UCL-ARC/Enigma-PD-WML: README.md

New interactive QC feature soon to be added.

## Periventricular and deep WML clustering

> The ENIGMA-PD-WML pipeline uses a 10 mm fixed distance from the ventriclesto categorise WML as periventricular and deep;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ENIGMA-PD-WML pipeline uses a 10 mm fixed distance from the ventricles to categorise WML as periventricular and deep;
```
Small typo here - missing a space
